You are Mr White's child
and you're to be married, are you not?
Not as at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
Why must it be the daughters who suffer?
What you told me...
***
No brown, either.
He was right on both counts.
***
**
Okay?
It wasn't my son who died here.
It was an innocent boy.
His name was Roger.
You get that?
I did.
I am with the Pinkerton Detective Agency.
These men are my associates and witness to your confession to
First degree murder.
I know you like to relax.
I've been meaning to talk to you
about expanding my role in your gang.
You wouldn't squeeze me
out of my own operation...
Get down!
Lucky for Johnny,
he left when he did, huh?
What's on your mind?
I want out!
Subtitles downloaded from www. OpenSubtitles. org
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www. addic7ed. com
Sally over phone:
I think you're lying to me.
Nucky: That's a hell
of a thing to say.
Sally:
Prove you're not.
I'm waiting.
Nucky: Me llamo Enoch.
De los Estados Unidos
soy hombre de negocios cansado.
You're a tired businessman?
Nucky: Is that what I said?
I meant retired.
Sally: Otra almohada debajo
de los tobillos, cariño.
- Y apurate.
- Nucky: I give up.
Sally: Another pillow
under my ankles, honey.
And make it quick.
I think I'll let you
do the talking down there.
What do you plan to do all day?
After today
I'm not making plans.
What's your plan today?
The last business I need to do.
You know,
sitting around quietly
isn't all
it's cracked up to be.
Nuck.
- What?
- Sally: I said, sitting by yourself-
- I'm on the phone, God damn it.
- So am I, Sparky.
I'm sorry, it's just that...
Sally:
Hola, Señor Negocios.
Look, I like
a man of few words, but-
Let me call you back.
Facedown on the floor.
Chalky, I- I looked
all over for you.
You find me.
- Whatever you think-
- Here it come now.
- I had nothing-
- Who sitting in my club?
- You have to understand-
- Answer the question.
Narcisse.
And who you cutting deals with?
Say it.
Narcisse.
Mm, mm, mm.
So he your nigger now,
that right?
Not right.
So you his nigger.
I think I like that better.
It's not what you think. I tried to stop it.
I didn't know-
What I don't want
to hear from you-
words.
Outside my house last night,
family inside
and I can't even go in.
Wearing another man's clothes.
Standing here with my friend.
You have to trust me.
I promise-
I don't have to do
nothing you ask,
nohow, nowhere.
Then what is it you want?
Narcisse.
You've got
to believe me, Chalky.
We want the same thing.
Oh, I know you want it now.
Your regular team plus
eight additional agents?
- These men are dangerous.
- How many are there?
Four, counting Thompson.
Each with an armed guard,
most likely more than one.
You've actually
pulled this off?
You seem surprised, Edgar.
Organized crime?
I'm merely exhibiting
a healthy skepticism.
Is that what it is?
What are you implying?
That ever since the first
week of law school,
you've been rooting
for me to fail.
Sir.
The US Attorney has arrived.
Marcus Garvey.
They're ruling on
his appeal within the month.
Congratulations, Edgar.
Well, we're not popping
the corks just yet.
Eight additional agents.
Say, Jim.
I think it's time,
considering the respect
the position deserves,
you begin referring to me
as Director Hoover.
Prosecutor: And when you
heard these cries for help,
what did you do?
Richard:
I went down-
I'm sorry, sir,
I do need you to speak up.
I went down the hall
into the bathroom.
And at what time
did you form the opinion
that the body was not
that of James Darmody?
Not an opinion.
Prosecutor:
I beg your pardon?
Richard:
It was not an opinion.
I fought beside him.
You don't forget that.
Ever.
Thank you, Mr. Harrow.
No further questions.
I, uh...
begging the pardon
of the court,
I only received the particulars
of this case last-
I notice you're
wearing glasses,
Mr. Harold-
Harrow.
Are they for cosmetic purposes?
What?
Are they for reasons of vanity
or do you need them to see?
They keep...
Your Honor, what's the point
of a hearing if the witness-
Sir, I remind you to speak
as loudly as you're able.
They keep my face on.
Yes, all right.
So are we to believe
that the vision
of your remaining eye...
Badgering, Your Honor.
...is more reliable than that
of Mr. Darmody's own mother?
I know what happened.
I know what I saw.
I know.
Your Honor, a duly certified
death record has already-
A jerry-rigged death
record, Your Honor.
Drake: And surely my
client's veracity
- as to the identity of her own child...
- There's no body.
- The exact point that we're debating.
- ... should carry more weight...
- There's no body. - ... than the grief
of this aggrieved- bereaved-
- We have a confession.
- There's no body.
- I have to insist for your own defense, please-
Judge: Mr. Drake, keep your client
in check or I'll have her removed.
It was my son. It doesn't
matter what I said.
There's no one there.
I was in love.
I was tricked.
How can that be right?
Reporter: Hello. Excuse me!
Gillian: I'm not allowed to speak.
I'm not allowed to live.
Reporter #2:
Get on the wire.
Why does a man get to do
anything he wants?
Man: That a girl!
Man #2: She's off! Where's the body?
Knox: The idea is to
get them talking-
alcohol importation,
heroin, what have you.
Selby: Maybe they're planning
something, a heist perhaps.
Knox: Conspiring
with one another.
We're over here, Eli.
Agent Selby and our
other operatives
will be stationed in
the next room listening in.
When you hear the radio go
on, that's your signal.
My signal for what?
To excuse yourself,
go to the washroom.
Things could get
a little messy.
Knox: All you have to
do is remain calm.
Neither Nucky nor the others will
ever know you were involved.
You have a brother, Knox?
Or whatever the fuck
your name is.
- A family?
- That's none of your business.
Fuck you.
And you, too,
you smug son of a bitch.
I have a brother named Claude.
He's an admiralty lawyer
in Washington.
- You ever fuck Claude over?
- He's not a criminal, Eli.
And you're doing this
for your son.
I need a guarantee.
- There are no guaran-
- I'm not talking to you.
We pull this off,
my son stays out of it.
All that other shit,
this malarkey with him
and the roommate,
that all goes away.
We both have
a lot riding on-
I don't even think
it's true, by the way.
Get them in this room,
your brother, Masseria
and the others,
and Will has nothing
to worry about.
Will?
Do me a favor.
Stop talking like you know him.
Al: I mean, the balls, right?
Took them all the way to Cicero,
building right across the street.
They had to know
you were here, Al.
In advance.
The phone call.
Now, how did he get
the number anyway?
That Jew prick Hymie Weiss.
Actually, he's Catholic.
Wojciechoski.
Wo-ja-what?
His name.
He changed it to Weiss.
Sit down.
Have a drink.
I don't drink, sir.
Then start.
So was it Weiss that done
the shooting or not?
As you said, whoever it was
felt comfortable enough to
venture into your territory.
Torrio: What's this?
A board meeting?
Talking about the shooting.
Thank God for them shutters.
So what do you think, John?
Weiss with Bugs Moran
and the other one...
Schemer Drucci.
- You think so?
- Torrio: Sure.
After the O'Banion thing,
who else could it be?
Yeah, I'm
sure you're right.
All right, Jimmy, get this
thing the fuck out of here.
You're killing me.
Come on.
Before you ask, it's light.
I already know that.
This whole situation, your
friend there, the doctor.
Narcisse.
It ain't making things
easier, that's for sure.
Five trucks full of scotch
turned away from the Northside.
I mean, he must be getting his
liquor trucked down from New York.
All of which answers the question
why the envelope is short.
I said I already know, Mickey.
All right. I just thought you
deserved an explanation.
So what's the plan?
With what?
This Bible-thumping coon.
I mean, how much more of his
bullshit are we gonna take?
It's being handled, Eli.
- How?
- I don't know.
And nothing from Chalky?
The meeting.
Are we set?
Tomorrow night, the Blenheim.
Masseria, Lansky,
and Petrucelli.
Make sure they-
Mr. Thompson.
I looked for you
in the Onyx Club.
Not the safest place
for me these days.
I need to ask you a favor.
I already gave you
a job, Mr. Harrow.
Give us a minute.
Jimmy Darmody.
What about him?
I need to know where he is.
He was cremated
after overdosing
in his mother's tub.
You and I both know
that isn't true.
I only know what I
read in the papers.
Then you've read
Gillian Darmody
has been arrested for murder.
But that's ludicrous.
It was James
who died in that tub.
If they believe that,
she'll go free.
And she'll come back
for the boy to spite me.
After all of this,
my wife and I...
could not bear that.
If somehow an anonymous source
were to disclose
to the authorities
the whereabouts
of Jimmy's body...
what would you do
for that anonymous source?
I would do whatever you asked.
- Nice and orderly, guys.
- All right, all right.
Let the doctor through.
Stand back, boys.
A little dignity.
- Get a picture.
- Come on, get back.
- Hey, don't push.
- Is it Darmody?
Six screws in the right femur.
- It's him. It's Darmody.
- Fellas, please, stand back.
If that's Darmody,
then who's the other one?
Hey, get it back!
Take it easy!
Call it in
for the afternoon edition.
Well, guess I'll
kick things off and-
- Ed.
- Yeah, Nuck?
Get the fuck out of here.
It's my office.
I'll change that if it's
the last thing I do.
I just did what I had to.
You of all people-
It would be best
to leave us be.
- You've seen him.
- I didn't say that.
You've heard from him.
Either you have
or you have not.
If you have not,
then my time-
He wants this to end.
Endings have been
attempted, have they not?
- On all sides.
- This is a question of family.
His daughter's getting married.
He wants to be there.
He's looking for safe
passage in and out.
In exchange for what?
I'm just the middleman here.
I thought you were friends.
I don't have friends.
I have partners.
You tried to save his life.
I bet on a horse to win.
He didn't even place.
Today is a different day.
On whom will you
wager tomorrow?
Let's get something
straight, all right?
Your beliefs,
your tragic history,
I don't give a rat's ass
about any of it.
The only thing your people
and mine have in common-
we both know
what a dollar's worth.
And if we can't make it one
way, we'll make it another.
I have a lot at stake
in this town.
Try to take it from me,
we have a problem.
The club, the Northside,
I don't care which of you
coloreds runs them,
as long as they're run.
The percentage,
your new pal the mayor,
we'll discuss those later.
This just needs to be over.
Over how?
That's for you to arrange.
I urge you to be explicit.
I don't ever want to
worry about that spook
coming at me in the dark again.
Do we understand each other?
We do.
At long last.
Then I'll let Chalky know
you're willing to talk.
Something he wanted
me to tell you.
Said you'd be interested.
Yes?
That singer.
He says he knows where she is.
And be sure to pick up
the artichokes.
They're 22 cents a pound.
- So? Aspetta.
- I'm not paying that.
What, are we paupers? I want
artichokes, for God's sake.
Maladetta funga.
I just sprayed all this.
Go ahead.
Speak in a normal tone.
Test, test.
Alpha, beta, gamma.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday.
Test, test.
One, two.
One, two, three, four, five.
Panama.
Test, test.
On the shores of Gitche
Gumee, on the shining...
I want four agents in the lobby,
two at either end of the hall.
That seems excessive.
I didn't ask how it seems.
Check those magazines,
gentlemen.
We can't afford any misfires.
Well?
- Sir?
- Can you hear him or not?
- For the most part.
- What does that mean?
- I can make out most-
- Yes or no?
Relax, Jim.
It'll be all right.
This is only my career, Harold.
I'll relax when it's over.
Sid:
Right.
Yes.
Mr. White
will be there.
Narcisse's man, he'll
be at the club by 9:00.
Brian: Vroom vroom! Beep beep!
Patrick:
Pop.
Pop, it's Uncle Nucky.
Cut the racket, huh?
Hello?
Nucky: The meeting, I
want you to pick me up.
We'll drive over together.
Easier just to meet there, no?
We should walk in together,
present a united front.
I'm on your way anyway.
Sure thing.
I'll see you in a little while.
That Uncle Nucky?
What? Yeah.
- What'd he want?
How's that your concern?
It's not.
I just-
I'm curious, that's all.
Tell your mother I'll be late.
Announcer: All aboard the
Camden Line for Philadelphia.
Connecting with
the North Shore Line...
Two sleepers with extra
vouchers for the dining car.
Tommy and I can double up.
Your brother-in-law,
this Hubert,
he got the message?
He'll be there
90 minutes early.
Hey, make sure you count
how many cows you see.
- I want a full report.
- Okay.
Tommy.
I love you.
Come on, sport. Let's get
some Chuckles for the road.
What was that?
Good-bye?
- No.
- Promise me you're coming.
Because I've never even
spoken to your sister
and it will be pretty goddamn
awkward if you don't show-
I will see you in three days.
Or I will hunt you down
and drag you to Wisconsin.
I promise.
Hello?
Nuck?
Put that away
before someone gets hurt.
The fuck's going on?
Where is everyone?
- Closing the place up.
- What for?
Would you put
that away, please?
I'm leaving town.
Heading to Cuba with Sally.
When?
As soon as I finish
what I need to do.
When were you gonna tell me?
I intended to tell you now.
We have a meeting.
- Masseria is-
- There is no meeting.
I saw to that.
There are names on a hotel
register with three empty rooms.
And you and me.
- Nucky, I-
- Nucky, I what?
Nucky, I made a mistake?
Nucky, I'm sorry?
What's it matter what I say?
You have a lot to lose.
Me?
I don't have anything.
Sooner or later
you wind up taking it all.
Can't help it.
I'm ready.
Are you?
It's what you deserve.
- Pop!
- Back off!
- That's my son!
- What are you doing?
- Hey!
- He's gonna kill you.
No, he's not.
He's- he's not.
Nah.
You tell him.
Tell him what's going on.
Knox.
You had it right.
He's no Prohee.
The kid at school,
that murder charge
you had the DA squash,
he knows.
He knows.
He wants you and New
York and Florida
all together all at once.
That's the price
to keep him out of jail.
- Pop, I-
- So you go to him?
Over your father?
I'm the one who can fix it.
He was supposed
to amount to something.
He's still going to.
What? A man
in an empty hotel
pointing a gun at his brother?
I did it for the family.
You don't have a family.
I do.
Now you want that, too.
Nothing will fill
that hole you got inside.
Don't you know that yet?
This is your mess, Eli.
Drown in it.
They're not coming.
You don't know that.
You've been duped, Jim.
Let's face it.
You'd love that, wouldn't you?
- What?
- That would make your entire day.
Give us a minute, will you?
You're upset.
I understand.
Upset?
- Upset?!
- Just calm down.
You think I don't know?
You, Hoover and the others,
- what a joke this has all been?
- Jim, I-
You were never on board,
never for a second.
I have put everything
on the line!
I think you should
give me your sidearm.
What?
You are not keeping
on an even keel.
You want my gun, Harold?
Why don't you take it?
He's asking for you.
You awake?
How you feeling?
I'm okay.
I've never heard you
say that before.
Morphine.
Well, relax and enjoy it.
We got round-the-clock
guards, nurses, too.
You'll be out of here
in no time.
And then we'll get
them sons of bitches.
This is a young man's game.
I'm not gonna fight.
You're gonna let them
get away with it?
It's yours, Al.
- Take it.
- What? Take what?
The whole operation.
Jesus, Johnny.
Are you sure?
You win, kid.
I'm out of your way.
It's Europe for me.
- What is going on?
- Where's Will?
- Eli...
- Is he here or not?
You need to be honest with me.
Eli. Did you forget
we had an appointment?
No.
Give me a second.
- I need to speak with this man.
- He does, ma'am.
- Please, I need-
- Where is Willie?
That's an excellent
question, actually.
- Mom, Anne is crying.
- Just one second.
- Go back upstairs.
- Eli.
Will someone please tell me
what is going on?
Now, God damn it.
Go upstairs.
Look, my brother knows-
What did I tell you
would happen, Eli?
- Will you just hear me out?
- I'm through talking.
- I'm trying to explain to you.
- Your son is going to jail.
There was this boy
a while back.
Ellis something.
About your own son's age.
A real Boy Scout type.
I arrested him
on a stolen vehicles charge.
He got four years
in the federal lockup.
Last I heard,
he was very popular
with the other inmates.
I will fucking kill you,
you son of a-
Are you threatening
a federal agent?
Give me your wrist.
My partner, Agent Selby,
he thinks I'm crazy.
Do you think I'm crazy, Eli?
It's okay, you can say it.
I don't know what you are.
I'll tell you what I am.
I'm the man
who's gonna-
Fucking kill you!
Anne: Mama!
Eli! Eli!
Oh, my God!
June: Stay up there!
I'm coming up.
Edith:
Dad! Dad!
Girls:
Dad! Daddy!
My son!
My fucking son!
Girl: Daddy!
Girls:
Daddy! Daddy!
What you want us to do?
Stay right here
and don't raise no fuss.
Don't like it.
Ain't meant to be liked.
Tell me your terms.
You get everything.
- I already have that.
- Then why we talking?
I want and you want.
Emcee:
Ladies and gentlemen,
Egypt had its pharaohs
and the emperors ruled
from Rome...
Where is she?
Where she is and you ain't.
Your daughter's wedding.
Safe passage.
That right.
- Then what?
- Matter to you so long as I'm gone?
A daughter for a daughter.
That woman ain't your blood.
How could you
possibly understand?
I understand I rock her fine.
That was some sweet jelly.
Hmm.
Now her face ain't right
and I don't need to be
looking at that no more.
Behold the noble savage.
That me.
Bankroll in the one pocket,
pistol in the other.
And all the rest...
I never did give a fuck.
We see each other now?
You know what your friend
Mr. Thompson asked me to do?
Kick a bullet in my head.
But that ain't
gonna happen here.
We civilized.
None of you will
make it past the alley.
Then you ain't never
gonna see her again.
Baby you save from that half
and half choke her mama.
They ever catch that man?
Tell me where she is.
My girl wedding.
There is no wedding.
What you know about it?
I know what Maybelle told me.
But hear it from her yourself.
A nod from me and she's gone.
I'd say that makes us even.
♪ Oh, I wish that I could
shimmy like my sister Kate ♪
♪ Shimmy like the jelly
on a plate ♪
♪ My mama wanted
to know last night ♪
♪ Says, "Why the boys
think Kate's so nice?" ♪
- Tell me! - ♪ All the boys
in my neighborhood ♪
♪ Knows she can shimmy
and it's understood ♪
♪ I know it's late,
but I'll be up to date ♪
♪ When I shimmy
like my sister Kate ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, shimmy like
my sister Kate... ♪
Tell me.
Maybelle, baby?
Baby girl.
He's up there!
- Man: Let's go, Timmy!
- Maybelle?
- We got to go.
- I ain't leaving her.
We got to leave here now.
Come on, let's go!
- We got to go!
- Maybelle! Maybelle! God, my baby!
Nobody move.
Bureau of Investigation.
We're looking for Eli Thompson.
Go, go, go.
Go!
There on the right.
Go. Go on, go.
- Woman: Stop! Now what?
- Woman #2: I don't know! I don't know where to go.
- What are we supposed to do?
- Everybody's gone and run out the front door.
- Out of the way, folks.
- Let's go, people.
- Move it, fellas.
- Scoot back.
Okay, over here.
Excuse me.
Back, back, back.
- Back.
- Hey, get off.
Agent:
Let us through!
Woman:
Yeah, take them away!
Selby:
Enoch Thompson?
Yes?
I need you
to come with me, sir.
- Am I under arrest?
- You will be if you don't comply.
What is it you want, Officer?
The whereabouts
of your brother.
Are you going to charge him
with cancelling a meeting?
No, with the murder
of a federal agent.
You entered this country through
the Port of New Orleans
in 1898, is that correct?
I beg your pardon?
Is that correct?
Who are you?
The one asking questions.
1898, yes.
26 years
in the United States...
but you're not a citizen.
And that is grounds
for detaining me how?
Why would you go on
living in a country
you don't wish to belong to?
The exile does not
choose his Babylon.
Your, um, compatriot Garvey.
He thinks you should
all return to Africa.
That would be
an oversimplification
of his philosophy.
What am I missing?
I doubt that I could
make you to understand.
You seem to be a clever fellow.
Who do you think gets to
decide what the truth is?
Truth is what those
in power wish it to be.
During the course
of investigating
the seditious activities
of Marcus Garvey,
James M. Tolliver,
a special agent with
the Bureau of Investigation,
was murdered in Atlantic
City, New Jersey,
by an unidentified
colored male.
Dr. Valentin Narcisse
assisted the Bureau
in apprehending the suspect.
He further agreed
in a private conversation
with Director Hoover to provide
ongoing secret intelligence
regarding Mr. Garvey
with particular concern
to his radical agenda
and his ties to foreign powers.
Why would he do that?
To demonstrate his commitment
to the values
of his adopted land.
Brother Garvey is a hero
devoted to the liberation
of a great people.
But you are not.
You are just a peddler
and a pimp
sitting in a jail cell.
I am a businessman
and a follower of Christ.
You agree to cooperate,
you can go on pretending
to be anything you want.
You don't, and I will make sure
you never see daylight
in America again.
I cannot hear you.
I said yes.
Yes, what?
Yes...
sir.
That's everything Ma asked for.
Tom can run it up
to Brigantine later.
Unless you want to do it.
I'm gonna stay in town
for a little.
- Not trying to tell you-
- Uncle Nucky, can we just-
But they're
counting on you-
your mother, brothers
and sisters.
You're in charge now.
You understand?
I'll drive up tonight.
That's the right decision.
What am I supposed
to tell them?
That your father is safe
with friends out west.
It's best
they don't know where.
It's hard on everyone,
but that's how it has to be.
Is he?
Is he what?
Safe.
Speak your mind, Will.
If I hadn't shown up,
what would you have done?
He's your father, my brother.
And I'm not the person
you think I am.
Come by the Albatross later.
We'll both head up.
That way, all of us can
be together, all right?
It gets easier.
You'll see.
Daughter:
♪ I'm wild about my daddy
♪ I want him all the time ♪
♪ Wild about my daddy
♪ But I don't want you, daddy ♪
♪ If I can't call you mine ♪
♪ Got the farewell bluesy
♪ And my trunk is packed
♪ But I don't want no daddy ♪
♪ Because I ain't
coming back... ♪
- Welcome to our apartments.
- Thank you.
♪ Oh, fare you well, daddy ♪
♪ Oh, hon, it's your turn now ♪
♪ Fare you well, daddy
♪ Hon, it's your turn now ♪
♪ After all I've done
♪ You mistreated me anyhow ♪
♪ Since my man left me
♪ The others can't be found ♪
♪ Others can't be found
♪ But before he left me
♪ The other men
was hanging around ♪
♪ So fare you well, daddy ♪
♪ Someday you'll hear
bad news ♪
♪ Fare you well, daddy
♪ Someday you'll hear
bad news ♪
♪ When you look for your mama ♪
♪ She's gone with
the farewell blues. ♪
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www. addic7ed. com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org